Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create two test fields, okay?
One is going to be for the song name, and the other is going to be for the couch.
Okay, not to do this.
You're going to be doing this.
Would send the single charge.
Screw you.
Right.
And you know, the reason for the single cheese scroll view is because we want to be able to scroll
this screen page.
Okay.
Now to do this, okay, first of all, this is how to treat a comma over in order to get it.
Very good from that.
Okay.
I think that's very important.
Now what you're going to be doing is the first widgets are going to be isn't is going to be a size.
But the reason for this size works is we want to give space between this video and then this widgets
are going to be is and that is going to be the test field for the song name.
Okay.
So we can give this pairs, give it the space vertically, right?
So this is definitely going to be height.
We can give this piece of techy.
Okay.
Great.
And now that we can have the true comma.
Okay.
And now we can have the tests.
Test fields.
You've seen this before.
Okay.
As you know, the test field has a property known as Worth Decoration, and this is going to be imputes
decoration.
Okay.
And as you know, the decoration has a property.
None that's in the test means test, not a protest.
Okay.
And it can say a song name.
And now we can now the border and we can say we want border at all sides.
Right.
So to do that, we have this property known as hotline episodes border.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, what we can now do is to use contra and this to save what's before dad.
You don't need to have the attorney trying to come over that.
Okay.
And.
Nice to see a click on this.
And click on.
Gallery and.
Click on this.
Okay, great.
You can see the view and you can see the videos playing and we have the song name over it.
Okay, now go back.
Okay.
Now you can see the video is still playing and we are no longer in Dad's screen, but still we are still
playing the video.
Not to get rid of that, we're going to be using something known as just suppose that simply means is
going to tail floated out hey we are no longer in that screen so we don't want is we want to stop playing
that video since we are no longer in that screen.
Or probably we have another filter that hey, we have used this and we don't want to in the war.
Okay, so that's what this pause is.
So cue now to do that, you're going to need to tell flow time.
So just pause.
Okay.
We can then call that variable controller.
Controller, start.
Disperse.
Okay.
This simply means we are done with you.
We don't need you anymore.
Okay.
I fully understand what it does now.
Now we can use culture and excessive and.
All we can do is to try to had.
If we do again.
Okay.
Hard gallery and.
You can have this and.
Okay.
Now go back, goats on that screen.
You can see now the video starts.
Okay.
So that's the use of the disciples.
If you've seen it before, I don't know what it does now.
You know what it does.
So is going to get rid or he's gonna stop the video for playing.
Since we are not longer in the screen.
Okay, great.
So now you're going to create the capture.
Feel it.
So before did we need to try to come away and.
We need this size box right in there as it gives space between this first test field and the capture
test field.
Okay.
For the sake of my strain.
Hides of pain.
Okay.
And we can see tests filled.
And the commission, as you know, imputes.
The Coalition.
Okay.
Then we can say --.
It says this is going to be what's.
Cap shut and border weren't border at all.
Side line imputes border.
Okay.
Great.
You know, you know, you're not to get rid of the body, right?
Okay.
We don't.
You can do it.
Let me know.
Okay.
Now is country.
And this was before.
You need to take him away.
Okay.
Now let's check it out.
And how the video and gallery and.
Okay.
We can just click on this.
You can see.
And we have the space.
Right.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing is to have.
A button.
Okay to do that where we can as well have.
A sizeable US sized us.
So.
Sized box.
And hides of probably 15.
Okay.
Now you're going to be using the bathroom, which you've probably seen before, known as an elevated,
elevated pathway and is going to take the press.
Okay.
And for the child, it's going to be any type of widget or you're going to use the test widget and.
Sorry.
Okay.
And we can say share.
A digital addiction can't ease control in this.
Okay.
This Mexican gallery again.
And.
Okay.
You can see the view.
Now, all we can do is we can change the color.
Like, I'm just going to stop this.
We dance, distract you.
Okay.
We can change the color.
So, first of all, we can just see the coma and.
And over a year we can see a star and this is going to be elevated.
But then.
Sorry, elevated both in.
The it's sti from okay, we have the primary which has to do with the color of the background so we
can see colors start.
I think both should be okay.
But you can't just go with any color you need.
You can just go with any type of color all you need.
Right.
Okay.
Gray.
Great.
Okay.
Now as well, you know, this test field of the property known as What's proof is right.
I think proof is icon.
So within this we can see a pretty face icon and this can be icons.
So it's gonna be on that call.
Widgets and icons.
That's music.
Music.
I think we have something like that music not okay.
Great.
So this is going to be on the left side.
You're going to see the shuttle and.
Over here as well.
We tend to ap decoration.
We can't see your face.
I can't.
It doesn't really matter if it comes first before this test instance, but it was just b which in the
decoration.
Okay.
So there's going to be a widget and there's going to be icons.
That's.
Let's see if we have any culture icon or probably we use the Cupertino who senior icon.
Cool party.
No, I.
Cause.
Then let's see if we have the capture.
Sure.
Culture bubble.
I think it's going to look very cool.
Okay.
Now we can check this out.
And this.
Okay.
Great.
Now all we can do is.
They said, Oh, this, we can't see if we have four.
So this is going to be Cooper scenario.
I cause.
That's music.
Music.
Mike Okay, let's see.
Okay.
I think that is not okay.
So there's going to be music not.
Okay.
I think this look like it pans does have two changes.
Great.
Looking were right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.